Ready? Let's open it.
There's nothing in here...
Hey, wait.
I'll be okay. I'm not
going in too far...
Besides, we need to at least see the boss,
or we won't know how to beat it.
That's true, but...
The cowardly past that I'd acknowledged
Still not understanding why,
I stand behind myself, scared
Projecting reality onto today
I've drawn so many skies
This must be my fleeting heart
Out of control
In my dreams, this body soars so high
And it can brush away any fears that cling to me
Asleep inside me, these budding
feelings start to expand
I realize this, weak as I am...
As long as I had you
I could stay strong in this dark world
My heart will dream a long dream forever
I want to always be with you
I'll give you everything I have...
"The Blue-Eyed Demon"
That one's gonna be tough.
Yeah...
At a glance, it only
had one big sword,
but I'm sure it has special attacks.
We'll have to put tanks in the
front row and keep switching.
I'd like to have around
10 shield users or so.
Shield users, huh?
Wh-What?
You're hiding something, aren't you?
What's this, all of a sudden?
Well, it makes no sense.
Normally, the biggest advantage of a
one-handed sword is using a shield.
But I've never seen you with one.
I don't use them because
they slow down my rapier.
Some people don't because they
put style ahead of function, but...
You don't seem to be using the sword
you commissioned from Liz either.
How suspicious is that?
Oh, well, never mind!
After all, it's rude to pry
into people's skills.
Anyway, it's gotten late,
but let's have lunch.
What?
D-Did you make it yourself?
Yes.
Take off your gloves
before you eat, okay?
R-Right.
Here you go!
This is good!
But how did you get this taste?
That's the result of a year's
training and study.
Aincrad has around
100 seasonings.
To make it,
I calculated all the parameters the
flavor-recreation engine uses.
This was made with grogua seed,
shugra leaf and calim water.
It's mayonnaise...
This was made with abilba seed,
sag leaves, and ulafish bone.
Th-This nostalgic taste...
It's soy sauce!
I made the sauce for the
sandwich with these.
Wow.
It's perfect!
If you sold these, you'd make a fortune.
W-Would I?
N-No, you can't.
Wh-Why?
I wouldn't want to lose my share.
You're so greedy...
I'll make you another one
if I'm in the mood, all right?
Hey, Kirito!
It's been a while!
So you're still alive, Klein?
You're as surly as ever, huh?
Wait...
What's going on here?
Why would a solo player
like you be with a girl?
Um...
I'm sure you've met during boss fights,
but I'll introduce you anyway.
This is Klein, of the
Furin Kazan guild.
And this is Asuna, of the
Knights of the Blood Oath.
Hey, say something...
You lagging?
H-Hello, my name is K-Klein!
I'm 24, single, and looking for a girlfr--
Leader!
You're Asuna, aren't you?
H-Hey, they're not a
bad bunch, okay?
The leader's face aside.
Hey!
That's payback!
K-Klein!
What did you say about my face, man?
What's going on, Kirito?
Uh, well...
Hello there.
I'll be partying with him for a while.
Nice to meet you.
Kirito! Why, you...
Hey! Hold on a second...
Kirito!
Is that...
the Army?
That's the massive guild that runs the
first floor. What are they doing up here?
Ever since they sustained heavy
damage clearing floor 25,
they're more focused on strengthening
their guild than clearing levels...
and haven't been going
to the front lines.
At ease!
I am Lieutenant Colonel Corvatz
of the Aincrad Liberation Army.
Kirito. I'm solo.
Have you cleared the area up ahead?
Yes.
We have a map leading
to the boss room.
Then I'd like you to hand over
that map data to us.
You're telling us to
hand it over for free?
Do you know how much of a
pain in the ass mapping is?
We share information
and resources equally
with civilian players!
And we maintain order in battle
to liberate all players from this
world as quickly as possible!
Therefore, you are duty-bound
to cooperate with us!
Listen, you...
You bastard...
Back off.
I was going to go public with this data
when we got back to town anyway.
It's not a big deal.
Hey, hey...
You're being way too nice, Kirito.
I have no desire to make
money off map data.
Thank you for your cooperation.
If you're planning to pick a fight with
the boss, I'd recommend against it.
That is my decision to make.
I just looked in the room.
And you won't get anywhere with that
boss with your troops at half strength!
Look at your comrades.
They're exhausted!
My men aren't so weak as
to give in this easily!
Come on, men!
On your feet now!
Are those guys gonna be okay?
I'm pretty sure they wouldn't be foolish
enough to rush the boss sight unseen.
Still, let's at least go and
keep an eye on them.
Now which one of us
is being too nice?
Um, well, Asuna...
You see...
He's inarticulate, unsociable, and he's
an idiot who's addicted to combat...
But take care of Kirito for me!
Okay!
You can count on me!
The only thing ahead is
the boss room, right?
Maybe they used an item to go back?
Asuna!
Right!
Hey!
Idiots.
Hey, are you okay?
What are you doing?
Hurry up and use your
teleport crystals!
It's no good!
The c-crystals aren't working!
There hasn't been a boss room
with a trap like this before.
For the Liberation Army, there
is no such word as "retreat"!
Fight! Fight!
You fools...
What's going on?
They can't use teleportation
crystals in there.
If we go in,
we might be able to open up
an escape route, but...
Isn't there something we can do?
Everyone... Charge!
Don't do it!
Hey...
Hang on!
Impossible.
No...
No.
I can't...
No!
Asuna!
Oh, what the hell!
Get back!
You okay?
Thanks.
At this rate...
Kirito!
I've got to use it then?
But...
Damn it, this is no time
to be indecisive!
Asuna, Klein...
I need you to hold it
off for 10 seconds!
Got it!
Okay, ready!
Switch!
Starburst Stream!
Wh-What is that skill?
Faster...
Even faster!
Is it...
...over?
Kirito!
Ow...
How long was I out?
Just a few seconds.
You idiot! Acting so recklessly...
If you hold me too tightly,
I'll lose my last few HP.
Corvatz and two others died.
We haven't lost anyone to a
boss fight since floor 67.
Can you even call this a boss fight?
Damn that idiot Corvatz!
There's no point if you die.
Anyway, what was that just now?
Do I have to say?
Of course!
I've never seen anything
like that before.
An extra skill.
Dual-wielding.
Wh-What are the prerequisites?
If I knew, I'd have
shared it by now.
It isn't on the information
broker's skill list.
Meaning it's exclusive to you...
It's a unique skill!
Way to be a stranger, Kirito!
Keeping quiet about such
an amazing secret skill.
"One-handed Sword"
"Dual-wielding"
"Thrown Sword"
I was looking at my skill window
about six months ago,
and I just found it there.
But if people found out that
I had a skill like this...
Yeah, since MMO gamers
are the jealous type...
I'm too good a guy to care,
but lots of people would
be really envious.
Not to mention...
Well, suffering builds character,
so soldier on, young man.
Say whatever you want.
We should trigger the warp gate...
Do you want to go?
No, I'll leave it to you.
I'm exhausted...
Got it.
Have a safe trip back.
And well...
Kirito...
When you ran in to rescue
those Army guys...
What?
Well... you know...
I was glad.
That's all. See you around.
Hey, Asuna?
I was so scared...
I didn't know what
I'd do if you died.
What are you talking about?
You're the one who jumped in first.
I'm going to take a leave of
absence from the guild.
A-And do what?
I said I'd party up with you...
Did you already forget?
"Asuna invites you to join her party."
All right.
"October 19, 2024"       "Floor 50: Algade"
"A blue demon that annihilated
a large Army squad."
"And a fifty-hit combo from a
dual-wielder who took it out himself."
They're making a really
big deal out of it.
Could they have blown
it up any bigger?
And because of that,
tons of swordsmen and information
brokers came over this morning.
So now I can't even
stay at my lodgings.
Isn't that your own fault?
You said it was just our secret,
and you let everyone in on it.
What are we going to do, Kirito?
We have a big problem!
"October 19, 2024"       "Floor 55: Grandzam"
Kirito, outside of boss fights,
I believe we've never met.
Actually, we spoke shortly
at a conference on floor 67,
Guild Commander Heathcliff.
That was a difficult battle, wasn't it?
We nearly lost some people, too.
We're called the top guild, but our numbers
are never more than barely sufficient.
And yet, here you are now, trying to poach
one of our most important players.
If she's that important, you
should pick a better bodyguard.
I apologize for the trouble
you had with Kuradeel.
But we cannot allow our vice
commander to leave just like that.
Kirito,
if you want her, then take her with
your blade, your dual blades.
If you can defeat me in combat,
you may take Asuna.
But if you lose,
you will join the Knights
of the Blood Oath.
Very well.
If you'd rather settle this with
swords, that's fine with me.
Let's settle it with a duel.
The tolling of the faraway bells
sounded a little lonely to me
So I tried harder, one more time,
this time soaring higher, all the way up
Neither this reality that just keeps repeating itself
Nor all my wishes, as numerous as the stars
Now that I've found the tomorrow
I should strive for
None of them can overcome these feelings of mine
A world without end, opening up before my eyes
Even if it's no more than a dream
Even if I'm still lost, deep in my heart, it is strong
Echoing forever and ever
Shining softly, ever so softly
Next Time: "Crimson Killing Intent."